# Introduction
Yes Bank is awell known bank in the Indian financial domain. Since 2018, it has been in the news because of the fraud case involving Rana kapoor. Owing to this fact it was interesting to see how that impacted the stock prices of the company and whether Time Series models or any other predictive models can do justice to such solutions.
 
 # **Problem Statement**
 In his project, the dataset has monthly stock prices of the bank since its inception and includes closing, starting, highest and lowest stock prices of every month.

**Objective:** Predict the stock's closing price of the month.

# **Project Summary**
In this project i have given a dataset of Yes Bank stop closing price prediction. Firstly i have imported my csv file then i have imported the important libraries.By exploring i have found that the given dataset consists of 185 rows and 5 columns. All the objects are divided into three types: Object,float,int. The given dataset does not have any duplicate value and missing value.By moving further i have used various basic function such as head(),tail(),info(),describe(),etc. As there are no null and duplicate value i have not performed data wrangling. After that i have performed the data visualisation, in which firstly i have drawn the univariate analysis graphs as boxplots for each columns. From the boxplot i have found that there are outliers present in the dataset which i have removed using log transformation method. After this i have performed the bivariate analysis. Firstly i have shown the relation between date and close variable, by using line plot, then i have shown the relation between the Open and Close variables, by using scatter graph, similarly, i have plotted scatter graph between low and close variable and another scatter graph between high and close variable. Then i have plotted the heat map for multicollinearity by which i have found that there is high correlation between the independent and dependent variable. Which is not a good sign. After this i have performed the data-preprocessing. In this firstly i have dropped the date column from the dataset in order to get accurate analysis. Then i have assigned the x variable to independent variable and y variable to dependent variable. Then i started performing the test train split. And then i have set the test size as 20%. and the random state to zero. The 80% of our data is given for training and 20% of our data is used for testing purpose. Then started with the linear regression model, after training the datset i have performed testing by printing the predicted value and actual value. Then i have calculated the mean square error, mean absolute error, root mean square error, and r2 score of the dataset and then plotted the scatter graph between the actual and predicted values of test set. Similarly i have implemented the Ridge Regression model, Lasso Regression mode and Elasticnet model and calculated the mean square error, mean absolute error, root mean squared error and r2 score for each model and also plotted the scatter plot between the actual and predicted value for each model. After evaluating the model i have found that the Elasticnet Regression model is more accurate among all.
